feat: add process.getBlinkMemoryInfo() (#17762)
electron/electron: docs/api/process.md

Returns an object with V8 heap statistics. Note that all statistics are reported in Kilobytes.

### `process.getBlinkMemoryInfo()`

Returns `Object`:

* `allocated` Integer
* `marked` Integer
* `total` Integer

> Returns an object with blink memory information. Note that all values are reported in Kilobytes.

Reviewer: "Blink"

Returns an object with V8 heap statistics. Note that all statistics are reported in Kilobytes.

> ### `process.getBlinkMemoryInfo()`

Reviewer 2: Can you confirm this API works in the main process?  This API is living in `common/` in our code but the `TotalAllocatedObjectSize` APIs are `blink/renderer`

Author: it does work, it just returns zeros

Returns `Object`:

> * `allocated` Integer - Total allocated object size in Kilobytes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `allocated` Integer -Size of all allocated objects Kilobytes.
```

> * `marked` Integer - Total marked object size in Kilobytes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `marked` Integer - Size of all marked objects in Kilobytes.
```

> * `total` Integer - Total allocated space in Kilobytes.

Reviewer 2: This probably shouldn't use the word "allocated" because now `allocated` and `total` both say "Total allocated"

Reviewer 2: Or it should just be clarified the difference between this and `allocated`.
